[rain pattering]
[thunder rumbling]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
♪♪
[sniffs. clears throat]
[breathing heavily]
[ring clatters]
♪♪
[thunderclap]
- [man 1 ] What the fuck are you doing?
- [woman screaming]
[woman] Oh. my God!
- [woman screaming] Stop! Stop!
- [man 2 grunting]
[screaming stops]
[grunting]
[liquid sloshing]
[alarm beeping]
[breathing heavily]
[wheezing]
♪♪
[car alarms blaring]
- [woman] Good morning to you all.
- [woman 2] Good morning out there.
[woman 3] Good morning to all of you-
[woman 4] On this Monday--
Yeah. it's Monday.
A case of the Mondays.
[man] I am on my third cup of coffee.
Anybody else having
a hard time this morning?
[woman] Oh. yeah! [laughter]
[reporter] Drivers are expected
to experience record congestion today.
[reporter 2] Around 100 workers
are losing their jobs.
[woman 5] Are you feeling
stressed out these days?
Hey. guess what? Join the club.
[man 2] Violent altercations can happen
from even the most minor lapses
by drivers.
[woman 6] I've posted every day.
ten times a day. for three years now.
[man 3] Too many people out there
think they can multitask
while operating a vehicle.
[woman 7] Incivility is
a major issue in America.
Rudeness can breed
more rudeness.
[woman 8] We were born angry.
[man 4] And with anger
comes a lack of self-control.
[woman 9] When you're very angry.
you lose a lot of self-control.
[girl] Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
- [man 5] Oh. my--
- Oh. my God.
Oh. my God!
[man 6] Aggressive driving's been
on the rise for several years.
and that's due
to societies moving faster...
[reporter 3] Road-rage fatalities
have skyrocketed 500%.
[reporter 4] A simple ride-share trip
yesterday took a horrific turn.
[woman 10] Local law enforcement
is understaffed
with no new applicants in sight.
[man 7] It's getting real bad out there.
People are taking matters
into their own hands.
[reporter 5] Seeing this live right now.
The police have him cornered-
We're in the middle of a standoff here.
I knew it wasn't going to end well.
[man 8] You gotta
protect yourself these days.
No one else is gonna help you.
Hey! Hey!
[woman on phone] We've been married
15 years. we have three kids.
and my husband's been
cheating on me for years.
[reporter 6] A man who is thought to be
the main suspect...
[man 9] Issues surrounding mental health
are increasing by the day.
[man 10] Inequality is pushing us
farther and farther apart.
[woman 11 ] We are going backwards-
[reporter 7] Thousands of police officers
have been laid off since...
[woman 12] It's a nationwide
epidemic right now.
[reporter 7] It could be years before they
can afford to hire more officers.
[reporter 8] -..searching for a suspect
thought to have...
[reporter 9] Gas prices
were up 82 cents today.
[reporter 10] Ambulance response rates
are slowing down.
[man 11 ] This is a serious issue-
[reporter 10] Stress levels
are at an all-time high.
[reporter 11 ] . -.all the warning signs
of impending collapse.
[reporter 12] Twice as congested
as it would be...
[man 12] When we reach our boiling point
and we explode...
[reporter 13] In the streets
with counter-protestors.
[man 13] We blame the media.
Twitter. Facebook.
We feel all that strain coming out.-.
[reporter 14] It's definitely a problem
that we're facing...
- Takes a toll on your relationships.
- Panic attacks...
- .--your health and well-being-
- Tempers flaring.
[man 14] Why is everything filled
with such garbage?
[woman 13] People have
so much coming at them.
their brains just can't handle it-
[echoing]
[cell phone ringing]
[exhales]
- Andy?
- Hello. You up?
[sighs]
I am now.
Well. that's good. 'cause your soon-to-be
ex filed another motion.
[sighs]
What does he want now?
[Andy grumbles]
Just say it.
He wants the house.
[groans] Of course he does.
[chuckles]
Listen. I'm already
drawing up our objection.
[exhales sharply]
Shit. I didn't set my alarm.
Hey. I just need you
to tell me to file it. okay?
- Rach?
- I need to think about it.
What? Come on.
I just want this to be over.
Rachel. you need to fight this.
and you know that.
Come on. Richard didn't work
for the house. You did.
[footsteps approaching]
Hey. I gotta go.
Okay. but we're continuing
this conversation at lunch.
Yeah. You're the best.
- I know it-
- Bye.
Shouldn't you be dressed?
What. this is not appropriate attire
for your personal chauffeur?
- You have a client.
- No. I don't.
I mean. yes. I do.
But. you know. we're still good.
- It just means we've got--
- Another tardy.
No. we're good.
Okay?
- [man speaking on TV]
- Yeah. No. I know. I-- I get it.
I know you don't like living there.
but it's an assisted-living community.
Mom. it's not an old folks' home.
[inaudible]
Can you hear me? Can you--
Okay. Mom. you need--
I can't hear you.
You need to press
the little microphone button. It's...
.-.firefighters battle
a raging house fire...
Mom. you need to...
You need to press
the little microphone button with the...
I don't know if you can hear me. I'm gonna
come see you later. okay?
- Um... Bye.
- [computer beeps]
[reporter] Police are actively searching
now for the homeowner's ex-husband.
who was last seen fleeing the scene
in a gray pickup truck early this morning.
Our own Pat Davereaux
spoke with a neighbor
about the suspect's history of substance
abuse and violence
after a workplace injury.
She had a restraining order on him.
And now she's gone.
- He just couldn't face it.
- [channel changes]
- I was watching that.
- It's way too early for real life. dude.
Anybody seen
my candy-cane scissors?
Now. why would you
want to cut candy canes?
You know. My scissors with the--
[scoffs] Never mind.
- Is she okay?
- I think so.
- Gonna be late again.
- Found 'em.
Under one of your piles of trash.
Hey. science has proven that piles
are the most efficient filing system.
I read that somewhere.
Those are actually my coupons.
- Were you cutting us coupons?
- Mm-hmm.
- I love you.
- Mm.
Rachel. maybe you could learn
a thing or two from Mary
about fiscal responsibility.
[clears throat]
- Rachel. I-- I'm sorry.
- It's okay.
I really love having you
and my brother here.
But if you're so fiscally responsible.
maybe it's time to kick in some rent here.
Rachel. you're the one that said
that we couldn't stay at Mom's.
We need to sell it.
And you know that. Okay?
I can't afford to pay for her care.
and you really can't either.
No. no. I told you.
I'm working on the business
and it's gonna start soon.
Come on. Freddy. we gotta be real.
Real about what?
What does that even mean?
She was getting lost
in her own neighborhood.
But to be fair. I still get
lost in our old neighborhood.
- Even with a phone?
- Yeah.
Yeah. the streets in Linwood Springs are
like a freakin' maze of spaghetti.
Kyle. grab a granola bar.
We gotta go.
I already ate.
Bye. guys. See you after school.
See you. dude.
Blow it up in there.
Bye. buddy.
Morning. Rachel. Hey. Kyle.
Morning. Rosie. New ride?
Yeah. We've gone minivan.
It suits you.
Bye.
[minivan engine starts]
[sighs]
- [engine starts]
- [sighs]
- [dashboard beeps]
- Are we ever gonna get a new ride?
Sure.
You wanna buy me one?
- "Prospective."
- Mom. I'm good.
- Remember. it's not "per-spective."
- "Prospective."
P-R-O-S-P-E-C-T-I-V-E.
- Nice job.
Hey. so what do you say?
Should we risk the freeway today?
No. No freeway.
Okay. well. just check
the traffic for me. please.
You don't have a passcode anymore?
Not since I almost crashed
trying to unlock it.
Wow. That's not safe.
- "Precarious."
- What?
Next word. "Precarious."
"Precarious."
P-R-E-C-A-R-I-O-U-S.
- Use it in a sentence.
- Uh...
The way the glass is placed
on the edge of the table is precarious.
Nice. Good job.
Says it's clear.
And that's a problem why?
Because we still can't trust it.
[exhales]
- Sorry. kiddo. but today we must.
- Mom. no!
- I don't have a choice.
- No! Please?
- We're gonna be late.
- Trust me. Kyle.
This is gonna be quicker. okay?
That's what you said the last two times.
Hey. see? All clear.
[cell phone ringing]
It's Dad. Can I please talk to him?
[sighs]
- Hey. Dad.
- [Richard] Hey. man.
Uncle Freddy and I invented
a new Fortnite strategy.
- You wanna hear it?
- Not a good time.
- Maybe later. okay?
- Okay.
You got the tickets
for the game tomorrow?
[scoffs] Yeah. look. about the game-..
My schedule kinda got messed up.
and my boss needs me to go
out of town tomorrow.
- Next time. okay?
- Yeah. okay.
That's really understanding
of you. Kyle.
You know. new jobs.
like your Dad's. can be...
really unpredictable at first.
See? That's right-
But I promise we'll make a plan to go
to a game soon. just as soon as I--
Well. it probably shouldn't be planned.
It should be more a--
a spur-of-the-moment thing. right?
I mean. 'cause plans...
can be hard to stick to.
Yeah. Yeah. yeah.
I just need to keep my new boss happy
so I can get my own place--
Yeah. and maybe stop relying
on other sources of income.
[Richard sighs] Look. I just want
everything to be fair and square. okay?
That's why I called. actually.
I needed to talk to you about moving--
Richard. we gotta go. okay?
We're just getting to school.
Okay. fine. But. you know.
this isn't gonna solve itself.
Look. I'm sorry again. bud-
I'll talk to you soon. okay?
- Okay.
- Okay. All right. Bye.
- [line clicks]
- Bye.
Bye.
I am... I'm sorry. Kyle.
[sighs]
Three tardies is an automatic detention.
I'm doing the best I can here. Okay?
[groans] Seriously?
[horns honking]
I can't believe this.
[cell phone ringing]
Deborah's calling you.
[ringing continues]
Deborah. Hey. I was just gonna call you.
I just wanted to make sure
I was gonna see you at 9:00.
- Absolutely.
- Oh. great. I have a big day today.
Uh... but I've just hit hellish traffic.
so I'm gonna be 15.
maybe 20 minutes late. tops.
Are you serious?
Actually. you know what?
It looks like it might be clearing. so...
We're good.
[sighs] I can't do this again. Rachel.
You know what? I'm gonna call Linda's guy
and get in there.
I love you. Rachel.
but ever since you lost your salon--
I can't believe I'm gonna say this.
but you're fired. Get your shit together.
- Deborah. no. wait. I'm sorry. okay?
- [line clicks]
♪♪
Oh. my God.
Are you okay. Mom?
Yeah.
Just...
Oh. my God. Just my...
My best client. that's all.
I'm sorry.
[exhales]
Eight miles. you know. That's it.
What takes ten minutes on a Sunday.
takes an hour every other day...
and wrecks your career. You know why?
Too many cars.
Too many cars and too many people.
Didn't you also oversleep?
Yes. Yes.
And I overslept.
You're absolutely right.
[chuckles]
It's okay.
So...
any suggestions?
You could take the next exit
and do surface streets.
You got it.
Hold on. I'm gonna get us out of this.
[horns honking]
From now on.
no more freeways. okay?
I only trust you. okay? Deal?
Deal.
[horns continue honking]
[Rachel sighs]
♪♪
[sighs]
It's not getting any greener.
Come on. man.
Come on!
[growls]
[horn blares]
Go!
[breathes deeply]
[horn blares]
[groans]
[tires squeal]
[sighs] No. no. Go.
Oh. come on.
Of course. Yeah.
♪♪
- Kyle. don't.
- Morning.
I don't even get a courtesy tap first?
Roll up your window.
It's not working.
You know what
a courtesy tap is. young man?
Just ignore him.
Sounds like this.
- [three short honks]
- It's light. It's friendly.
Just like you're trying to get
somebody's attention.
I'm sure that's what your mom meant.
Is that right. ma'am?
- Is a courtesy tap what you meant?
- No. it's not.
Why is that?
The light was green.
and you weren't moving.
Mom. Stop it. please.
Some of us have places to be.
Yeah. I admit to being
a little zoned out back there.
I've been kind of having
a hard time lately.
Yeah. well. join the club.
- [whispering] Stop it.
- Well. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry that you are. and I'm sorry
that... I might've made it worse.
You accept my apology?
- Sure. whatever.
- Perfect.
If you could just do the same.
we could press reset.
Ma'am. I was saying.
if you could just apologize--
Yeah. I heard you.
And?
I don't have anything
to apologize for. sir.
- Mom. Just apologize.
- It's okay.
Well. I don't think that's really true
of any of us now. is it?
But that's where we are
in this world today.
We seem to have developed
a fundamental inability to apologize
to anyone. for anything.
I don't even think you really know
what a bad day is.
But you're gonna find out.
You hear me. miss?
You're gonna fucking learn.
♪♪
Hey. can you go. please?
Just go.
Shit.
Mom.
- [Kyle] Oh. my gosh! Stop!
- [tires squeal]
♪♪
Are you okay?
Yeah.
What's this guy's problem?
- [chuckles]
- [engine revs]
- [tires squeal]
- [horn honks]
[horns honking]
[Kyle] What's he doing?
[Rachel] Just gonna let
this person go on his way
- and take the back way. okay?
- Okay.
[engine revving]
- Come on. come on. come on.
- [Kyle] Is he stopping?
Come on.
[honking continues]
[tires squeal]
Come on.
[Rachel exhales]
So that was terrifying.
You know. some people are just jerks.
and that's all there is to it.
Everything's gonna be okay.
I got the window up.
[Rachel clears throat]
Hey. So...
What was that Fortnite strategy
you and Uncle Freddy came up with?
You don't care about that.
Of course I do. I wanna learn.
I wanna learn.
You play duos and glide down to a place
you're really familiar with.
like Retail Row.
And then. one of you distracts an enemy
while the other speeds a golf cart
out from a hiding place
and crashes into them.
You don't even know
what I'm talking about.
You're right. I don't.
but it sounds awesome.
Seriously.
[school bell rings]
[bell tolling]
So...
how long's detention?
Thirty minutes.
Okay. so I'll bail you out
3:30 on the nose. and I'll even have
a big. "make it up to you"
Butterfinger Blizzard ready and waiting.
I promise.
You don't have to promise.
Kyle.
Can you please try to be on time?
Yeah. of course.
[sighs]
[line ringing]
- Rach?
- My nine o'clock fired--
- [horn blares]
- [tires squeal]
...fired me. [sighs] Hey. you...
You still there?
Uh. yeah. What happened?
Oh. God.
The freeway was a parking lot.
and my biggest client couldn't wait.
- so she told me to go to hell.
- That sucks.
Yeah. and then some psycho flipped out
on me and Kyle driving to school.
- And all this before noon. Shit-
- [chuckles] Yeah.
At least the day can't get any worse. huh?
Yeah. I could really use some therapy
on top of the legal advice.
Can you do breakfast instead?
Um.-. at Darrow's?
Yes. Pancake therapy. even better.
Twenty minutes?
Mm. "Human" 20 minutes.
or "Rachel" 20 minutes?
Ha. ha. See you in 20.
[phone alert chimes]
[chuckles]
[sighs]
[sets parking brake]
[card reader beeps]
- [music playing over speakers]
- [cashier] Thank you.
- Thank you.
- [door chimes]
[beeping]
[door chimes]
[cashier] Thank you.
Cash or credit?
That'll be. uh. $5.33.
- Okay. Thank you.
- Hi.
Can I have five Powerball
Quick Picks? Thanks.
And those.
That'll be $13.31.
Out of 20...
Here are your tickets.
- Here's your change.
- Thanks.
Okay. Thank you.
♪♪
What can I get you. sir?
- Just a pack of Ventti gold.
- That'll be all?
- That's it.
- All right. Cash or credit?
Okay.
[chime plays]
Hi.
Uh. ma'am. are you okay?
Yeah. Uh...
Actually. no. I...
I'm pretty sure the guy in that truck's
following me.
- He somebody you know?
- No. we...
we kind of exchanged words
at an intersection.
I honked my horn at him. and now he's--
He's road-raging you.
You could say that.
- You want me to call the cops?
- Nah. that'll take all day.
Besides. that'll just
piss him off even more.
Might. Might not.
Look. I can call 'em.
I don't know. I'm probably
just being paranoid.
How 'bout I walk out with you?
- You don't have to do that.
- I'm heading out there anyway.
- So. you think he's--
- He's just trying to scare you.
If he sees both of us together.
and he doesn't drive off.
you still get in your car.
I make sure I get his plates.
If he follows you out.
we'll all call the cops.
Okay. Thanks. I appreciate it.
♪♪
Why don't you just get in the car?
I'm gonna grab his plates.
♪♪
7-11 -TPX.
7-1 -1 -TPX.
Thanks.
[man] Hey.
Why don't you just chill. man?
Go your own way.
[engine starts]
It's a smart move staying put. bro.
I got your plate right here.
- [tires squealing]
- Hey. hey. hey!
Hey. hey. hey!
- [grunts. yells]
- [gasps]
- [groans]
Oh...
[panting] Oh. God.
[grunting]
Where's my phone?
- [horn blares]
- [tires squeal]
♪♪
Shit.
Hey. Hey!
[engine revving]
Come on.
Fuck.
♪♪
Oh. God.
[panting]
Oh. shit.
♪♪
Shit. shit.
What? That's my fucking phone.
Oh. God. What's wrong with you?
[horn blares]
[shouts]
[horns blaring]
[gasps]
- What are you doing. bitch?
- I'm sorry.
- What's wrong with you? "Sorry. sorry."
- I'm sorry!
It's a fucking one-way street.
Move!
- Fuck you. bitch!
- Move!
- "Sorry." You coming in here--
- Sorry. okay?
Learn how to drive!
- This is not how you drive.
- Sorry.
Fuck you!
[man] Dumb bitch!
[panting]
[men chattering]
[engine stops]
Oh. God.
[line ringing]
[voice mail] Hi. it's Rachel.
Just leave a message.
[voice mail beeps]
Hey. Rach. Just calling to see what's up.
Please call or text with an ETA. Thanks.
[sighs]
[indistinct chatter]
Are you Andy?
Uh. yeah.
I'm Tom Cooper.
- I'm an old friend of Rachel's.
- Oh. hey.
Huh. That makes two of us.
Uh. have we met?
No. I. uh...
I just moved to town a couple weeks ago.
Rachel told me she was meeting you here.
Yeah. Well. you know what?
She's very. very late.
Well. she asked me to apologize.
But it's hard to tell the level
of sincerity in that. isn't it?
- Uh. when did you talk to her?
- Ten minutes ago.
Okay. So. she's okay?
Everything's okay?
Well. Andy. to tell you the truth...
she sounded a little stressed.
She's got plenty of reasons to be.
Yeah. yeah. The divorce...
the salon. her mother.
Plus. she said some guy road-raged on her
pretty hard this morning.
- Really?
- Yeah.
About a year ago. a guy followed me
for about 10 miles on my bumper.
Scary.
They follow me all the time.
Yeah?
You should be careful.
You never know who you could
be driving next to. right?
Or who you might end up married to.
[chuckles]
How do you mean?
You said she was stressed
because of her divorce.
No. actually you said that.
- Yeah? Oh.
- Yeah.
She let me listen to his voice mails.
You know? I mean...
[sighs]
That guy sounds like he's doing his best.
Well. the man's quit
every job he's ever had.
- Is that his biggest crime?
- No.
Did he fuck around on her?
Anything like that?
He's just miserable.
Kind of like my 11:00 appointment's
gonna be if I show up late.
Ahem. Listen. since you're having
better luck with Rachel.
can you just tell her to call me. please?
Now. Counselor...
if I could get Rachel on the phone...
would you buy me a cup of coffee?
And if she doesn't pick up?
Well. then I guess
I owe you a cup of coffee.
Uh...
Okay.
[clattering]
Oh. God.
[cell phone ringing]
What?
Where is--
Oh. God.
[ringing continues]
What?
[ringing stops]
Andy?
Are you serious?
- Rach?
- Andy?
I'm sitting here.
and I'm waiting for you. What's...
I-I don't-- Whose phone is this?
I don't understand.
- How did you...
- Rach. are you there?
Are you at Darrow's right now?
Yeah. yeah. I'm sitting here right across
from your friend Tom.
- Cooper.
- Tom Cooper...
who apparently has an easier time
getting hold of you
Than your best friend/free lawyer.
I don't know a Tom Cooper.
Tom Cooper. who just moved to town.
who you told to apologize
to me for being late.
- Nice guy. Sweet beard.
- [chuckles]
Hey. listen to me.
He's not a friend. okay?
He's the psycho who came
after me today. Oh. God.
[Rachel breathing heavily]
I just watched him run over someone
at a gas station.
Andy. do you hear me?
Are you there?
No. you're gonna have to say that again.
Rachel. You're breaking up.
What the hell are you doing?
I'm just here with Andy.
Hey. if she's almost here. I can wait.
Who says if you're almost here.
he can wait.
What do you want?
No. it's not what I want.
It's what I need.
And I need you to learn
what a bad day really is.
and I need you to learn
how to say you're sorry.
Okay. fine.
I'm sorry. Okay? There. I said it.
No. how to say you're sorry
and actually fucking mean it.
Whoa. Tom.
And this is the beginning
of that first lesson.
- Can I have my phone back?
- No.
- Leave him alone.
- Just give me my phone.
What's going on? Andy?
What's happening?
[people murmuring]
[people gasp]
- You're on speaker now. Rachel.
- [woman] Call the police!
- Andy.
- Someone stop him!
- [customers murmuring]
- Are you okay?
- He is not okay. You hear me?
- You hear me?
- Yes.
- I hear you.
- Who is Andy?
Is he really your best friend/scumbag
divorce lawyer?
- What?
- Yeah?
The kind of person who fucks over men
like me and Richard for a living?
Come on. Please.
He doesn't do that. okay?
He's a decent guy.
Is that right?
- [groans]
- There's a divorce lawyer...
who doesn't fuck over
decent men for a living?
I find that very hard to believe. Rachel!
- Very hard!
- [customers gasping. chattering]
What is this? Is this
some kind of sick joke?
- Are you having sex with him?
- What are you talking about?
'Cause these guys. they don't get
in trouble for that.
They'll fuck you all kinds of ways.
Fuck you physically. fuck you emotionally.
fuck you financially.
And they don't get in trouble for it.
Has he been fucking you. Rachel?
Has he been fucking you?
He's married. okay?
Well. that don't mean shit
these days. now does it?
- Just leave him alone.
- Hey. Rachel.
If you knew this was gonna be
the very last time
you could ever talk
to your lifelong friend Andy.
what would you say?
Wait. No. wait. What?
What would you say. Rachel?
[choking]
Andy? Hey. what's happening?
What's happening?
- That was a wasted opportunity.
- Wait!
- [Andy groans]
- [woman screams]
[customers clamoring]
Andy?
- Andy. are you there?
- He can't hear you no more.
What do you mean?
Well. I think you know.
No. I don't. I don't.
I don't. What did you do?
What did you do?
Well. why don't you
get yourself to a TV?
Gonna be a lot of video soon.
You put him on the phone.
You put him back on this goddamn phone.
You put him back on this goddamn phone!
No. I can't do that.
Why not?
Well. number one..-
he's already dead.
No. he's not.
No. he's-- Hey. listen. listen.
I'm really sorry. okay?
- I'm really sorry.
- You know...
I can still hear that faint tinge
of "fuck you" in your voice.
Never know it. but nothing's ever
your good goddamn fault. right?
[sirens blaring]
[sighs]
Hello?
Oh. shit. Oh. shit.
Oh. my God. [breathing hard]
♪♪
- [keypad beeping]
- [phone vibrates]
[phone vibrates]
[phone ringing]
Your life is over when they find you.
Suicide by cop's okay with me.
What do you want?
You got some messages-
Got one from Dr. Miller.
She wants to change
your Friday therapy appointment.
She better bring her "A" game.
'cause you're gonna fucking need it.
Got one here from the principal
of the Wesley Oaks Elementary School.
"Rachel. thank you
for your hair and makeup
for The Music Man production.
Kyle was great in the quartet."
Is that your son's name?
Is that where he goes to school?
No way.
Kyle's my friend's son.
- My son doesn't go to Wesley--
- Rachel...
I'm scrolling through
the pictures on your phone.
Don't be a fucking idiot.
Don't you touch my son!
Then tell me. who's gonna die next.
Rachel? Who's gonna die?
Give me a name.
or I'll just play Russian roulette
with your contact list.
No. I can't.
What about Richard?
No! No.
You telling me there's still
some feelings there?
He's my son's father. Okay?
- You can't ask me to do that.
- You know what I can do?
I can send the $2300 and change
you've got in your checking account
straight to Richard.
And... [chuckles]
Every goddamn cent you've got
in your savings account.
You got me a name yet?
♪♪
Look. here's an idea.
How about I just swing by your mom's room
at the Shady Falls nursing home?
Right after I burn your house
to the fucking ground.
Me. Me. okay? I choose me.
I choose me.
Well. that's very noble.
but you can't choose yourself.
Why not?
Because that would defeat the fucking
purpose. Rachel. Give me a name!
Make a choice.
Who are you gonna kill next?
Your mom? Richard?
- Kyle?
- Deb-- Deborah.
- Last name?
- Haskell.
8277 Walnut Avenue?
Now. what was her sin. Rachel?
She fired me.
Through no fault of yours. I'm sure.
- I gave you a name.
- Yeah. you did.
So. you won't hurt my son.
- or my mom. or go to my house?
- Not right now.
I'm gonna be sick. I'm gonna be sick.
Don't lose that phone. Rachel.
Yeah.
[breathing hard]
♪♪
Fuck. Fuck.
- Okay.
- [engine starts]
[line rings]
- [operator] 911-What's your emergency?
- My name is Rachel Flynn.
I have multiple emergencies.
I need you to listen to me very carefully.
[reporter] Police say the suspect
didn't even bat an eye
as security cameras and graphic video
from terrified customers' cell phones
captured him brutally assaulting
and then killing the victim in a booth.
He can then be seen calmly
walking out of Darrow's Diner
while talking on a cell phone-
Witnesses say he sped away
in a gray pickup...
Hey. babe. Isn't Darrow's that place
with the killer brisket?
.-. Wanted in connection not only
with that fatal house fire in Arbor Hills.
but a hit-and-run just a short while ago.
- Babe. you gotta see this.
- [clattering]
- Neighbors say he was badly injured
- [Mary gasps]
at the auto plant where he worked
in middle management
- and was fired just shy of his pension.
- You okay?
He was unable to find steady work
over the last year.
Please tell me we own
whatever that was.
He was let go just yesterday
from a maintenance company
- after being employed there-..
- Babe!
...less than a month.
Once again. the suspect is driving
a dark gray. late-model 4x4 pickup.
If you have information.
please call the police tip line.
That number is 1.800.555..
[police radio chatter]
♪♪
Deborah Haskell?
Yes. Is there a problem?
[reporter 2] Once again.
authorities stress
that the suspect should be
considered dangerous.
If you have any information
about his whereabouts...
- [Mary gasps. chokes]
...please call the police tip line.
[news report continues indistinctly]
Baby. are you okay?
♪♪
You must be Rachel's brother.
[Mary groaning]
Who's this?
[Mary coughs. gasps]
Mary.
- Mary.
- Wife?
Girl-- Girlfriend.
Uh. fiancée. fiancée.
- Uh-huh.
- [gasps]
Feisty. [chuckles]
Please don't hurt her anymore. man.
- Now. that's gonna be up to you. Fred.
- [sobs]
That's gonna be up to you and your sister.
I-I-I don't understand.
Rachel has dismissed me as the unworthiest
fuck to ever walk this planet.
And you know what. Fred?
I don't disagree.
Every effort. every sacrifice I've ever
made in my invisible life
has been dismissed and judged...
ignored.
I've been chewed up. used up and spat out.
[Mary coughing]
So I think "fuck it." Fred.
I'll make my contribution this way.
through violence and retribution.
'Cause that's all I got left.
Okay. look. I have some great weed
out in the kitchen and. like. ten bucks.
I'm not here for your money. Fred.
[Mary sobs]
I'm here to make your sister realize
that her words and actions
have consequences.
- Please let my girlfriend go.
- Okay. I will.
- Please.
- I will.
- [Mary gasps]
- [Fred screams]
See what she did now.
that sister of yours?
- Look what she's done now. Fred!
- [whimpers]
♪♪
All right. guys. Can you get
these gates locked up?
What the heck?
[cell phone vibrating]
[gasps] Oh. God.
- It's a parent. It's all right.
- [phone ringing]
Ms.Flynn?
[line ringing]
- [beeps]
- [breathing hard]
This wasn't what we talked about.
Yeah. well. fucking surprise.
. I called the police.
- Of course you did. [chuckles]
Please. just...
Just let them go. okay?
Are you inside or outside?
. Please. just let them go.
- Rachel.
Stop talking. Are you inside
or outside of that school?
- I'm outside!
. Go in.
Get your boy. Call me back
when you get to the car.
And you better be driving as fast
and as far away from that school
as you can.
Don't stop for anybody.
You got three minutes. or Fred's dead.
Now. Freddy...
Freddy. wake up. Come on.
You gonna write
your sister a letter. okay?
[reporter] Psychologists and other experts
say that incidents of road rage
are becoming increasingly more deadly.
[woman] We must be rich. powerful. pretty
and celebrated to exist in our culture.
Those left behind are doomed
to rage like a volcano.
[shouting] Please. just wait right here!
- [clamoring]
- [panting]
Could you stay calm for me. please?
Get on the intercom and call him now!
The dispatchers have already been called.
- Okay?
- I know.
We have procedures. all right?
We're on something we call
a soft lockdown right now.
I'm the reason for that. Okay?
Look. Look.
That's my little brother. okay?
And this maniac's
gonna hurt him even worse
if you don't go get my son in the next...
- [phone vibrates]
- two minutes.
Look. that's him texting me right now.
See? Look.
Look. Same guy.
Mrs. Ayers...
I need you to go get my son.
Goddamn it. I need you to go get my son!
[man] Dear Rachel.
you are now responsible
for Mary's death. Okay?
Come on. Write the fucking letter.
[Rachel] Careful. Come on.
Did you remember my Butterfinger Blizzard?
Get in!
[panting] Seatbelt.
- [engine starts]
- [tires squeal]
♪♪
- You're freaking me out.
- It's okay.
- It's gonna be okay.
- Tell me what's happening.
I'm not letting you out of my sight again.
What's going on?
Mom.
[sirens blaring]
Mom. why aren't you talking to me?
♪♪
Have you got Kyle?
Yes.
Have him say hello.
Kyle. say hello.
- Is it Dad?
- No. Just say hello.
Hello?
Now put my brother on the phone.
[exhales]
[whimpering]
Talk.
Rachel?
Are you okay?
Fred?
Mary's gone.
Mary's dead. Mary..
. He made me..
- No. no. You didn't. You didn't.
. You didn't.
- You're right. I didn't.
You did.
- What?
- Mom?
Who are you talking to?
♪♪
Please. just.-just let him go.
Put me on speaker.
You have kids?
. Family?
- [coughing]
Rachel. your little brother is sitting
in a puddle of lighter fluid
and his own piss.
Put me on fucking speaker.
Okay.
Kyle. can you hear me?
Yes.
I'm the man your mom honked her horn at
this morning. You remember?
Yes.
Your uncle Freddy.
he's written your mom a letter.
and he wants to read it out loud.
It's very important
that she remains quiet and respectful.
and she listens to every word. okay?
Okay.
[groaning]
Come on. Fred.
Read.
Come on. Read.
[grunts]
[gasps. shudders]
"Dear... Rachel.
you are now... res--
responsible...
- for Mary's death."
- Responsible for Mary's death!
Read the fucking letter. Fred!
"I now realize our loving...
relationship has been a lie."
[gasping. stammering]
"You are the most entitled.
self. centered person
that I have ever known.
Everything has...
has always been about you.
I am deeply ashamed of you.
You are the reason...
this is happening to me
and why I will never see
another sunrise in my life."
Good job.
Stop it! Just stop it!
Are you talking to me
or talking to Freddy?
. You made your point.
- Police!
Show me your hands and step back.
I said put your hands in the fucking air
and step back now!
- Six-Adam-Three. 10-33...
- Don't let him kill me.
- ...at 1204 North Jackson.
- He has a-- He has a--
- Get on your knees!
- Fuck you.
No!
[screaming]
Do something! Help him!
Help him!
[retches]
♪♪
[panting]
[Rachel retches. coughs]
[labored breathing]
Mom?
Kyle...
- [phone ringing]
- I'm sorry.
No. don't answer it. Don't answer it.
It might be the cop.
Hello? Officer?
It's still me.
Where is my brother?
Sorry. Rachel.
Freddy's gone.
If it's any consolation.
a fucking cop shot my shoulder up.
- I hope you bleed to death.
- Well. that was sincere.
It's just not an apology.
There are a lot of people
in my life who deserve apologies.
You are not one of them.
Let's talk about Kyle
and how he's gonna die.
You so much as breathe in his direction.
no force on this earth
will stop me from killing you.
. Do you hear me?
- Sounds like you're waking up!
I am wide awake.
Wide awake!
That's good.
'cause we ain't near done yet.
- [grunts]
- Yes. this is over.
This is so fucking over. you sick fuck!
[gasps. panting]
Where should we go?
Police station. We should
go to the police station.
♪♪
Mom?
Yeah?
Can I call Dad?
Sweetie. I don't have
my phone. remember?
That man took it.
You have your tablet?
I think he stole it too.
Well. that's probably a good thing.
Well... he has your phone.
so if we had your tablet.
he could know where we are.
What?
He did know where we were. but...
he was using that flip phone.
Don't you think?
Yeah. maybe.
Hey. um...
I looked for my tablet before. but...
do you just wanna take another look
around. just in case?
- Yeah.
- [seatbelt clicks]
- Check the seat pockets.
- Okay.
Have a really good look. okay?
Look under the seats.
- You see it?
- I don't think it's in here.
Wait. I think I feel something.
- I think I see it.
- Where?
- Under your seat. it's...
- What?
- It's stuck. It--
- It's what?
[grunts] It was taped.
Oh. my God.
Should I throw it out the window?
- Yeah. No.
- What?
Wait. wait. wait.
- "Find Your Phone" app.
- Yeah?
- You put it on the tablet too?
- Yeah.
So. if he still has my phone.
we should be able to track him. right?
Right.
- Is it working?
- [tablet beeps]
- I see it.
Where is it?
Right next to us.
Oh. my God.
Do you see him?
♪♪
Oh. my God.
He's in front of us.
- He is?
- He has Rosie's van.
Mom. look! There's a cop.
- Do you see him?
- It's okay. It's gonna be okay.
He can help us.
Put your seatbelt back on.
- Do not look at him. okay?
- Okay.
♪♪
- Mom. that-- that was--
- The exit. I know. I know.
Kyle. just trust me
and get his attention.
Officer!
Hey!
- Officer! Help!
- Hello!
- Officer! Hey!
- Hey! Help!
Roll your window down!
- Please help us! Hello. hey!
- We need help!
The guy you're looking for.
he's behind you!
Right behind you!
Please help us!
Pull over!
[crash]
[panting]
Dispatch. request assist--
[gasps]
♪♪
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
- Can you see him?
- He's catching up.
Go! Go!
Kyle. call 911 on the tablet.
- [beeping]
- [line ringing]
[operator] 911.
What's your emergency?
The man on the news.
he's chasing me in a silver minivan.
. Your current location?
- Driving on 95 south.
just after the State exit.
Ma'am. all units in that vicinity
Are currently responding
to a multi-vehicle crash.
He caused that accident!
My son and I are in danger.
Ma'am. we cannot
get to you at the moment.
Stay on the line.
get some place safe. and--
- Mom. it died!
- Shit.
Shit. shit. shit. shit.
Tell me you have the charger.
I don't. Oh. my God.
We're on our own.
Okay. Okay.
[Kyle] We should just go to the station.
[Rachel] There's no way we can outrun him.
We have to lose him.
- We need to go to Grandma's.
- Why?
It's your strategy. remember?
- From the videogame?
- What?
It's somewhere we're familiar with. okay?
It's the safest place to hide you.
And we can call for help
with the silent alarm.
and it'll confuse the heck out of someone
who's never been there before.
Right. like Uncle Freddy was saying.
He'd still get lost there.
like in a maze of spaghetti.
Yeah. exactly.
- So you think he'll get lost?
- For long enough.
[panting]
♪♪
[Rachel panting]
Drive!
Go faster! Speed up!
♪♪
[grunting]
He's right behind us.
He's catching up.
♪♪
Can you go any faster?
[tires squealing]
[horns honking]
♪♪
[panting]
[engine revs]
Hold on!
- [brakes screech]
- [tires squeal]
[grunts]
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
[labored breathing]
[groans]
♪♪
- Can you see him?
- No.
I think he's still back
towards the entrance.
♪♪
Kyle.
Starting now. we stick to our plan.
Our backup plan.
Yeah. if we do that. I promise you...
We're gonna get through this together.
okay? You and me.
- Yeah.
- Okay?
Go. Go.
♪♪
[beeps]
[panting]
♪♪
[breathing hard]
- [breathing heavily]
- [pills rattle]
[exhales]
- [gasping. coughing]
- [engine hissing]
- [growls]
- [yelps]
- [panting]
- Look at me! Look at me!
Look at me. You see me?
You're always gonna see me.
I'm always gonna be inside your head.
every time you think of your little boy...
and what you could've done to save him.
[grunts]
[panting]
♪♪
[breathing heavily]
Kyle?
Kyle Flynn?
It's the police.
You're safe. son. Come on out.
Come on. son.
Your mom's hurt. but she's okay.
She asked us to come and get you.
♪♪
[breathing heavily]
[sirens blaring]
Come on. son. It's okay.
Come on out. boy.
[breathing heavily]
[clanking]
♪♪
[screams]
[shushes]
- I made a lot of noise.
- It's okay.
[grunts]
No! No! No!
[both screaming]
[grunting]
[sirens blaring]
[grunts]
No! No!
Get off me!
Let go!
- [grunting]
- [man groans]
[both grunt]
- [Rachel grunts]
- Mom!
- No!
- [growls]
Mom!
[growling]
[Rachel yells]
[both panting]
- No! No!
- [grunts]
[choking]
♪♪
Hey!
- [screams]
- [grunts]
- [groans]
- [gasping]
[growling]
Here's your fucking courtesy tap!
[screams]
[both panting]
[distant sirens approaching]
You're okay. You're okay.
Mom.
♪♪
[reporter] We understand that it may have
started as a result of a two-car crash...
[indistinct chatter]
♪♪
[officer] Ms. Flynn?
May I have a moment?
It's okay. I'll be right back. Okay?
I'm so sorry... [continues. inaudible]
♪♪
Uncle Fred's alive.
He is?
He's gonna be okay.
- Can we go see him?
- Yeah. Yeah.
We got your statement.
so you are free to go.
♪♪
[brakes squeal]
[gasps]
[man] What's your problem?
[shuddered breathing]
Good choice.
["(Don't Fear) The Reaper"
by Keep Shelly In Athens playing]
♪♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today